README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D4E16AQH1TXlgymBqMg/profile-displaybackgroundimage-shrink_350_1400/B4EZtyTe3GIoAY-/0/1767149270007?e=1769040000&v=beta&t=O19ExTtekm9VfsgAGIFcIAvctcFrty2695dwo7NmUVc" width="700" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:abdullahadil143@gmail.com">Email</a> •
  <a href="https://abdullahadil145.github.io/">Portfolio</a> •
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdullahadil145/">LinkedIn</a> •
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/abdullahadil145/">Leetcode</a> •
  <a href="https://www.techrxiv.org/users/932208-muhammad-abdullah-adil">Publications</a> •
  <a href="https://abdullahadil145.medium.com/">Blog</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Adam-pw/Adam-pw/raw/main/animation_500_kxa883sd.gif" width="300" />
</p>

I’m an adaptable and motivated Full Stack Developer with a knack for building things that make life simpler, and sometimes faster. Whether it’s a Chrome extension that auto applies to jobs or a hotel management system running behind the scenes, I have been crafting solutions that quietly do the heavy lifting. My work spans front-end design with modern frameworks, to back-end development, database management with SQL, and version control using Git.

By degree, I’m a Computer Science graduate, with two published papers, university awards, and leadership roles in student societies. By nature, I’m curious and hands on, I thrive when turning ideas into smooth, working products. I've contributed to impactful projects, including extensions, web scrapers, web dashboards, and more. Collaborative environments are where I prosper, bringing a balance of technical skill, creative problem solving, and a strong focus on user experience.
My technical experience includes Java, Python, C++, JavaScript, SQL, Node.js, React, Express.js, FastAPI, Git, MongoDB, MariaDB, Postman, and more.

Beyond code, you’ll often find me on a tennis court, in the pool, or on a target shooting range. I’m also someone who enjoys exploring new places, whether that’s hidden spots around the city or peaceful lakeside escapes. I occasionally blog when inspiration hits, usually about tech or life as a developer. These interests keep me grounded, competitive, and constantly learning, both inside and outside the world of code.

I’m currently seeking opportunities to contribute to dynamic development teams where I can build, learn, and help turn complex challenges into solutions, by delivering value through technology.

You can connect with me via [Email](mailto:abdullahadil143@gmail.com). Also, feel free to check out my [Portfolio](https://github.com/AbdullahAdil145) or other [Profiles](https://linktr.ee/abdullahadil145).
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800" />
<h1 align="center">Tech Stack</h1>
<p align="center">
  <!-- First Row -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Second Row -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/eclipse/eclipse-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>
<h1 align="center">... and more.</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AbdullahAdil145&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&cache_seconds=1800" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=AbdullahAdil145&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img
src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/abdullahadil145"
      alt="LeetCode Stats"
      className="stats-image"
    />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated skills
Updated personal introduction and technical experience.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D4E16AQH1TXlgymBqMg/profile-displaybackgroundimage-shrink_350_1400/B4EZtyTe3GIoAY-/0/1767149270007?e=1769040000&v=beta&t=O19ExTtekm9VfsgAGIFcIAvctcFrty2695dwo7NmUVc" width="700" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:abdullahadil143@gmail.com">Email</a> •
  <a href="https://abdullahadil145.github.io/">Portfolio</a> •
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdullahadil145/">LinkedIn</a> •
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/abdullahadil145/">Leetcode</a> •
  <a href="https://www.techrxiv.org/users/932208-muhammad-abdullah-adil">Publications</a> •
  <a href="https://abdullahadil145.medium.com/">Blog</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Adam-pw/Adam-pw/raw/main/animation_500_kxa883sd.gif" width="300" />
</p>

I am Full Stack Software Developer experienced in building end-to-end solutions and delivering exceptional user experiences. Proficient in server-side programming languages such as Java and Node.js, with expertise in RESTful API development and modern frontend frameworks like Angular and React. Well-versed in version control systems, agile methodologies, and DevOps practices.

By degree, I’m a Computer Science graduate, by nature, I’m curious and hands on, I thrive when turning ideas into smooth, working products. I've contributed to impactful projects, including backend servers, pipelines, extensions, scrapers, dashboards, and more.

Beyond code, you’ll can find me on a tennis court, in the pool, or working out with a podcast on. I also enjoy exploring new places, and occasionally blog when inspiration hits, usually about tech or life as a developer.

You can connect with me via [Email](mailto:abdullahadil143@gmail.com). Also, feel free to check out my [Portfolio](https://github.com/AbdullahAdil145) or other [Profiles](https://linktr.ee/abdullahadil145).
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800" />
<h1 align="center">Tech Stack</h1>
<p align="center">
  <!-- First Row -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Second Row -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/eclipse/eclipse-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" width="40"/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40"/>
</p>
<h1 align="center">... and more.</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AbdullahAdil145&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&cache_seconds=1800" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=AbdullahAdil145&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img
src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/abdullahadil145"
      alt="LeetCode Stats"
      className="stats-image"
    />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif" width="800"/>
</p>
